[MUSIC]
>> Jafar: So here we're gonna complete our
mouseDrag example, and what I'd like us to
do is I'd like us to take a little break
and have you guys tackle this yourself.
This is question 32, right?
There's a mental leap that goes on here
where we draw a line from the example that
we've been learning, from the way
we've been thinking about array and
make that link now to make the leap to
thinking about events the same way.
Right, and so I've showed you
the answer up on the board, but
I really want you to work through it and
try and
solve this particular question.
>> Jafar: But
when we're done, we should be able to
drag this Sprite across the screen.
And if you run this example and it doesn't
work, make sure to refresh your browser
because under the hood,
it's actually hooking up an event and
if you keep running,
it'll just keep hooking up that event.
So make sure to refresh your browser if
you run it, it doesn't work and try again.
Remember it'll will save your state and
everywhere you are.
So somebody out there was having
trouble getting exercise to work, so
it might be a little bug in the exercise
here, that's okay we'll switch over and
make it work somehow.
Did anybody actually
get the Sprite to move?
Not yet?
Okay, that's not a good sign.
>> Speaker 2: I
got it moving.
>> Jafar: You did?
Okay, which browser are you on?
Im curious.
>> Speaker 2: Firefox.
>> Jafar: Firefox, right?
>> Speaker 2: Put in that catalog and
it might fix it for you.
>> Jafar: This one?
>> Speaker 2: Cuz you just added that,
right?
>> Jafar: Yeah.
See, all right.
So let's take a look at this code.
What did I do here?
Well, for every mouse down, I mapped over
all of the sprite container, mouse moves.
Now this container that you see
right here, this grey container,
this is the sprite container.
So why do I listen to the mouse moves
on the sprite container instead of on
the sprite itself?
Does anybody know?
Well, because of this case.
If I move real quick, my mouse can
actually get ahead of the sprite.
And so the mouse move won't
register on the sprite,
it'll only register on
the container above.
So that's why we added an event
handler to the sprite container.
And we listened for mouseup for
the same reason on the sprite container.
So we map over every mouse down.
And so now we've got a collection of mouse
that we start with a collection of mouse
downs and then for every one of
those mouse down event objects,
those are the same event objects you
would've gotten in an add event listener,
we substituted using map for
the stream of all the mouse
moves until the next mouse up.
How many collections level deep is that?
How many levels deep?
>> Jafar: How many levels deep is this?
So somebody said two, why is it two?
This is the most important thing for
you guys to be able to,
it's hard, it's the most important
thing for you guys be able to do,
to be able to visualize how deep
the collection you're creating is.
And here's something you'd always
go back to if you have problems,
always go back to first principles.
So I got this, right?
That's an array, I understand and array.
If I map over this and return this,
what pops out?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jafar: Right, because if I map over
this and I put in this, I get this.
The whole point is the map function is
applied to every item in the collection.
And then the result is
substituted into the new
array.
>> Jafar: So
if I apply this function here to 1,
what comes out?
An array of 1.
If I apply this function here to 2,
what pops out?
An array of 2.
So, if your map function
returns another collection,
you're gonna end up with
a two dimensional collection.
Because the income, if the incoming
collection is flat, right, which it is,
here we can see the incoming collection's
flat, if for every single one of these
items, we substitute another collection,
we have a two dimensional collection.
And so the same thing applies here.
Sprite container mouse moves, if we take
up the take until, it's very obvious,
Spite container mouse
moves is an observable.
Right, and so if for
every event object in the stream of mouse
downs we substitute in another observable,
we have an observable of observables.
And so, first thing I want to do, just
like I use filter previously on videos to
limit the videos to only the ones I want,
now I'm gonna use takeUntil to limit
the mouse moves to only the ones that
happen before the next mouse up.
But that's still a collection.
For every mouse down click,
I still created an observable for
every mouse down click there is, so
I have a two dimensional collection.
So I need to follow it up with
concatAll to flatten it.
So just like I take this here and
apply concAtAll and
I get one, two, three, okay.
Does that make sense?
So can I shorten this?
Yes, cuz whenever I see a map followed by
concAtAll, we can always just shorten it,
helper function.
>> Jafar: But now we understand,
hopefully, how powerful this type of
compositional programming can be, right.
That's a very little amount of code for
something pretty impressive, right?